Continue on from the last video.
In the last video we just had created a stimuli file and index start to yes file.
But now it's time to start adding that back to it.
Now do we starting off with the pack?
We need to be first installing the dependencies of that pack.
And that's the most important part.
As you can see right now, we do not have any package load, Jason and it's just a plain repository
right now to be adding the dependencies.
What I'm going to be doing is opening up the terminal now for using the code.
You can just go to the terminal and say New terminal right here and we're going to be initializing.
This has a NPM repository.
So as you can see here, I'm in the web back here to meet 2022 folder and I'm going to be shifting over
to the one dot getting started.
So this CD one getting started now I need to be initializing this as NPM repository so I see NPM in
it dash white and then enter.
All right.
Once that is done, if I just expand my folder, you can see that a new file has been created for us
called Package Dot.
Jason Now in the package or JSON, we are going to be adding all our dependencies.
Now the main dependency that we need is that back.
So I'll say npm, i save Dev.
And in here we'll see that pack.
We also need one more dependency that will be used by the pack internally.
It's called US Pack CLIA.
So you'll save a pack CLIA.
All right, so these are the only two dependencies that are required for now.
We also need another dependency, which is going to be moved from DML to our JavaScript.
That is the load ash.
So what?
That I can just see npm I.
And I just saved our dependency as well.
And see, Lord Ash.
All right.
So that's pretty much it for all the dependencies that we need for now.
If I just check here, we have the VAT pack and the load dependencies installed.
All right, so that is pretty much it.
Now, we can just go over to our index cards and start importing those dependencies.
So the change that I need to be making here is I'm going to say import underscore from.
And then in here you say Lord Ashe.
All right, so this time the Lord is going to be imported directly into the JavaScript file.
So I can just go over to the index, start HTML and remove the load dependency from here.
Perfect.
So that looks good.
Now let's start creating our back file.
Now, when you're creating a web file, it starts off with of a pack configuration.
So we can just right click on a folder and say new file and this is called as the back dot config dot
jess.
So that's pretty much it.
It's a simple JavaScript file and it needs to be exporting those configurations.
So what are you going to be putting here?
This module dot exports equals to an object.
Now, as you remember in our previous diagram, we said that there's one entry file, so we need to
be specifying the entry file that is there file that back.
So that is called us entry right here.
And we need to be passing in the location offering to file and this is under the parameter called US
output.
So that's output right there.
And this is where we're going to be specifying whether pack should be giving the output bundles.
So let's enter our entry file first.
So the entry file is going to be in our source directory and it has these index dogs.
So we'll say a dart slash ASIC slash index dot G's.
So that's quite simple.
Now for the output we have to pass in an object.
So as an object we are going to be saying file name.
So this is going to be the file name that is going to be outputted by the back.
And let's call this as bundle.
DART Yes.
So that is the name that I want there to be outputting.
Now we also need to be telling the location of this file.
So for telling the location, we specify the path and the path is going to be but not resolve.
Now, what is port or resolve?
Well, basically, we need to be importing one of the Node.js libraries called US Bot, and this is
how we are really specifying the part of the output.
So I'll say or here as conceived port equals to require port.
All right.
So as you can see, a fundamental difference here.
When I was doing the importing of external modules in my Webpack file, I was using the required fuel.
Whereas if you went to the index tags because severe using the newer format of modules using the import
keyword.
Now since the pack file is going to be loaded by directly node.js totally understands required.
So import will not work over here.
So for that reason we are just going to be using the required keyword save but not resolve.
And in the you are going to be resolving the past by saying underscore, underscore directory name the
name, comma, dist.
So what we are telling all headers here, go and create this output of the file name call bundle Rogers.
In this particular directory called DIST, we do not have a disk directory, but this is going to be
created automatically by webpack.
And believe it or not, this is the basic configuration that you need to get started.
Now, how do you run this Webpack file?
Well, to run this Webpack file, we're going to be creating an additional script so we can go to the
package load, Jason.
And in this, we have something called the script stack.
Now, we do not really need the test one, so we just can do it.
And let's call this as build.
And in here, we're going to be passing up double configurations.
So we're going to be seeing that back.
So this is the command for executing the pack.
And we also need to be specifying this configuration file.
So we'll put it as dash dash config and then the file name.
So that's packed out configs.
All right.
So that is pretty much it.
We are just going to be seeing a couple of outputs here.
As soon as I run this file.
Now, for running this file, you can come back to your terminal, make sure you are in the right folder,
and then you can put in NPM, run, build.
All right.
So the build has been done.
Congratulations.
And if you check out on the left hand side, you can see that we have a new directory created coldest.
Within that we have this bundle, Rogers.
Now, if you check out this, there's a lot of code written over here and we do not really understand
what it is.
No one heads up here.
Whenever you run the pack without any additional parameter called as mode, it's going to be running
everything in production mode.
Are going to be seeing later in the videos what is the difference between production and the development
mode.
So for now, what I want you to be doing is coming here and putting up an additional perimeter saying
dash, dash mode.
And in here, type in development.
Just like that.
All right.
With that set up, let me run the blade once again.
So let's run NPM, run, build and click on Enter.
And as soon as I do that and if I open up the bundle radius again, you can see that the file is different.
Things have changed a lot.
It's more readable.
So what's happening here?
Let's try to analyze the bundle before we go ahead and start using this bundle.
Now, in the bundle you can see that we have the dependency of Lord Dash included.
Now you can see where the dependency graph comes in.
It basically went to our index dodgers file first.
Then you said, okay, do you need the load as dependency?
So all right, I'll just go ahead and pull that and put it in the bundle, Node.js as well.
So that's how the bundle logs was created.
And if you try to search the custom code that we had added.
So for example, let me just copy this text and try to find it in the bundle by saying F you can see
that our code is present as well.
So the bundle contains everything that is required for running this application.
So what do we do now?
Well, it's quite simple.
We go to our index, start estimate and replace our index, starts dependency with the bundle that just
got created.
So now instead of saying dot slash index, we are going to be moving up one folder.
So if you just see the directory structure, we have indexed charges.
We need to be moving up one folder so we'll say dot, dot, slash and in here we are going to be finding
the best folder and within that we have the bundle dogs.
Awesome.
So that is pretty much it.
Let's head over to the browser and see this is loaded as expected.
So if I go to my browser, hit refresh and you can see that instead of load dash, we are loading the
entire bundle this time and if I click on click me, nothing works well.
Why is that?
Let's find out in the next video.